a beautiful night for high school
football at Saddleback College where
week for had the Nebraska bound q Johnny
Stanton and the California state
champion Eagles of Santa Margarita
taking on a new pack 5 Division one foe
in the st. Bonaventure seraphs whose
head coach Todd thirion was actually
returning to the site of his first win
as a varsity head coach back in two
thousand seven over yes you guessed it
Santa Margarita to the action we go
Zachary greens 31 yard run from
scrimmage would put the seraphs up six
nothing after a block dat soon after
kickoff it was then a Stanton to River
craycraft 13-yard touchdown pass and p80
that would put the Eagles up by 176 then
at four-thirty to go in the first st.
Bonnie advance the ball on this Ricky
town to Monterey Lee pass to set up
green for his second TD run followed by
a successful two-point conversion
seraphs back up 14-7 a creek Raph
reception
and RJ Mazel esky run
let's proceed Ryan Waltons first
touchdown of the night and it's 14 all
with one quarter finished midway through
the second fourth and goal from the 44
Bonnie and they decide to go for it town
to lead and the serifs are up again by a
touchdown now Santa Margarita would not
score again before the half however the
seraphs with in field goal range with
six seconds to go its fourth and 11 from
the Eagles 29 opt for a town to Nicholas
Rodriguez pass it would be broken up
coverage provided by craycraft and
Connor O'Brien keeping the Eagles
deficit to a TD 2114 2nd half 3rd
quarter would be all santa margarita
here stanton connects on a 44-yard bomb
to Kyle sweet and we have ourselves a
tie ballgame
eight minutes later despite coach theory
and knowing what's coming and warning
the seraphs d-line Stanton dives and
extends into the end zone from one yard
out and it's 2821 Eagles one quarter
left the play and speaking of play
here's a game changer and what we would
call the play of the night it's Stanton
on third and nine from his own seven
somehow he eludes capture from Dalton
rocha then powers his way all the way to
the 18 yard line for the first now check
this out on the other end of the field
later the Eagles drive would stall out
and on fourth and six Kyle sweet in to
punt however he throws a pass to kick
returner mantra Lee instead he gets
credit for the interception we believe
and the seraphs out of the ball three
minutes now left in the game and it's
the zac attack again a 6-yard TD run for
green his third touchdown on the night
and it's 27 to 28 st. Bonaventure down
by one they go for the two and the Santa
Margarita defense would come up big with
the stop
after the kick off with a minute 30 left
in the game Ryan whooping breaks free
from midfield and takes it all the way
to the house Bonnie's hopes diminishing
with the score now 35 27 and a minute 17
to go in the game check out the power
running and determination of Zachary
green as it takes nearly the entire
santa margarita defense to take him down
it wouldn't matter though because on a
later down town is sacked for the first
time on the night and the ball is
stripped and that would be all for st.
Bonaventure as the number one Eagles of
Santa Margarita win 35 to 27 we caught
up with winning coach Harry Welch Ryan
whooping and Johnny stem that's a
marvelous team I mean who's ever playing
deep into the CIF playoffs this year
probably is going to play them I thought
they were terrific but I don't know when
yet when you have a you know a Johnny
Stanton a river craycraft and OH Ryan
whooping I mean he just keeps coming and
coming and coming a lot of good things
and then a terrific group up front st.
Bonaventure one of the top teams in the
Southland but the Eagles continue to
roll tell us about the tale of the two
halves I mean the tail end we just we
knew we could do it we've been in that
situation before we just got our whole
offense rolling we knew defense how to
pick up a big stop and I mean everybody
on the team did it for us everybody did
their job and that's when we got rolling
you know we have to look forward to
servite we had to buy weekend we're not
going to take it easy during the bye
week it's all conditioning and a lil bit
of practice so we're like we're looking
forward to it this was a great moment
for us you know that's the best team
we've seen it was rough and tumble we
like to play that way obviously they do
you know if i were to coach of the
seraphs i'd be very very proud and I'm
coaching the Eagles and I'm even more
proud st. Bonaventure drops at four and
one and will play at Westlake next
Friday while going into a bye week Santa
Margarita goes 25 and 0 on the season
they'll open Trinity league play right
here versus survive in week 6 final
score again seraphs 27 Eagles there
five from Saddleback College I'm
Reginald Miller